Episode 1
What are you doing?
You're holding a sword?
Uncle,
welcome back.
Welcome back.
I'm sorry.
What are you doing?
I'm standing beside you.
Come here, Mitsuni.
Mitsuni.
Welcome back.
I'm sorry.
Come here, Mitsuni.
Come here.
What?
I'm sorry.
Come here.
Yes.
A flower isimageing a sword.
I love a sword a lot.
I fact,
if I am inferior to you I will never forgive you.
Have no fear, Mr. Mitsuni.
Look at me.
A picture of you.
Come check.
A marvellous kid just because of one kid's University at the Hendo!
But if I hate my Filter town, I will let
I am big Favorite
Yuck!!
It's been a while since I had seen such a Phil pancake
Let's go home
Good boy, Mitsuni-san.
What are you doing?
What? You forgot your cigarette lighter.
I'll get it.
Here's your cigarette lighter.
Welcome home.
Do you like it?
Good boy, Mitsuni-san.
exciting
Esmeralda
Everything is in chaos.
Take out an motor and
put your hand on the தowel…
Eh?
Are you going to cut me?
Oh, how interesting!
Come on, let's get cut!
I'll cut you too!
I'm really tired of you!
Where do you want to cut?
From your arms? From your neck?
Come on, cut!
Oh, you're so selfish!
You're so selfish!
I'll cut you!